readme.md, before:

### SML Basis Mode

This is an SML minor mode with some convenience helper functions and
keybindings for searching SML basis files, as generated by
[MLton](http://mlton.org/) (see http://mlton.org/ShowBasis).

For the current future, this is work in progress. I tend to start
pretty simple and just organically add functionality to reduce
repetition in my workflow. Once the mode is more stable I will remove
this disclaimer, but it might be awhile because I am very new to SML
and still figuring out exactly what my workflow is.

That said, it should be usable as is. To use, just clone and add to
your emacs load path and then add something like:

```elisp
(use-package sml-basis-mode
    :config
    (add-hook sml-mode-hook #'sml-basis-mode))
```

By default `sml-basis-mode` will load a basis file in this repository
containing all of MLton's implementation of the Standard ML Basis
Library. However you can customize `sml-basis-file` to use your own
basis file.

Functionality-wise, the end goal is to fill a similar role as
[hoogle](https://hoogle.haskell.org/), but simpler, more hackable, and
using emacs buffers instead of the browser/CLI.

Commit message:

update instructions to explicitly recommend pointing to own basis file

readme.md, after:

### SML Basis Mode

This is an SML minor mode with some convenience helper functions and
keybindings for searching SML basis files, as generated by
[MLton](http://mlton.org/) (see http://mlton.org/ShowBasis).

For the current future, this is work in progress. I tend to start
pretty simple and just organically add functionality to reduce
repetition in my workflow. Once the mode is more stable I will remove
this disclaimer, but it might be awhile because I am very new to SML
and still figuring out exactly what my workflow is.

That said, it should be usable as is. To use, just clone and add to
your emacs load path and then add something like:

```elisp
(use-package sml-basis-mode
    :config
    (add-hook sml-mode-hook #'sml-basis-mode))
```

By default `sml-basis-mode` will load a basis file containing all of
MLton's implementation of the Standard ML Basis Library. However you
can customize `sml-basis-file` to use your own basis file, and this is
recommended in order to expose your own code to the search, and to
allow you to jump to source code from the basis file (see the function
`sml-basis-goto-item`, bound to `M-.` in the buffer `*SML-basis*`). If
you use [MLton's Bg Build Mode](http://mlton.org/EmacsBgBuildMode) and
emacs' `auto-revert`, pointing to your own basis file is really nice
because the search source will automatically update everytime you save
a file (assuming you compile with `-show-basis <path-to-basis-file>`).

Functionality-wise, the end goal is to fill a similar role as
[hoogle](https://hoogle.haskell.org/), but simpler (and very crude and
unpolished), more hackable, and using emacs buffers instead of the
browser/CLI.
